Valerio was missing something, realizing this while staring at a plant at his desk. He stopped coding and allowed his mind to drift a bit. He remembered when the Devity world was not as big and did not have as many layers. Valerio reached in his memory to the time when it was decided that the Staging layer would be added to the Devity world. As far as he knows, the planet reached its limit thanks to this, and no more layers will appear. He heard some rumors about the DarkNev world, which was supposed to be a parallel universe to Devity. Getting in there was not in his intention, though. There were no rules and laws, so he was not keen to experience this. Valerio also supported having at least some regulations, so other people are not harmed. It has to be mentioned here, though, that people who had entered DarkNev were not welcomed back to Devity. Some of the people were not being caught. Therefore they were able to navigate between the two worlds. But this was not for Valerio. He focused his powers on helping Devity grow by contributing to open source. 
Valerio scratched his neck as he liked to do unknowingly and looked at his calendar. He rolled his eyes at the number of upcoming meetings. He had less and less time to code, which made him unhappy and frustrated. He was very frustrated, to be honest, as he lacked time to code something fun, like back in the day. 
His journey in Information Technology just happened. As far as he remembered, he was a fan of computers and PC video games. He was a geek all his life, at least the one he could remember, and was very passionate about that hobby. For Valerio, it was always better to read a white paper on how Boogle transitioned to microservices than a novel. It turned out that it became his regular job, as his career as a professional football player did not happen because of a foot injury. It was OK because the love for solving complex problems was already there. He just changed his plans and never thought being a software engineer was terrible. Looking at all that more pragmatically, it was better for him. Devity treated highly skilled developers nearly as well as professional football players. Without the beloved developers, the world would have no one to grow, extend and maintain it. 
Valerio was not a big star yet, but he was getting there. He had reached the Production layer, so he could move between Devity layers as he wished. He was young and had already achieved a lot. It was thanks to his experience and personality traits that made him a real gem. He was the embodiment of what Devity was standing for and was trying to achieve. Devity wanted experienced and skillful software engineers who were not eaten by their egos. It was easy to talk with Valerio, who always tried to help others. Maybe it was because he saw the Devity world like it was: challenging, exhausting, and stressful. He lost the pink-colored glasses some time ago when he found himself in a valley of “I am not good enough”. But Valerio managed to embrace all of it, and he fixed the parts that were bothering and burning him up. He knew himself and his feelings and was acting accordingly. He saw people who were great engineers burn out, and he committed himself not to fall into that trap.
It didn’t mean he wasn’t getting emotional, of course. Writing code for yourself was always fun, but it could be highly unpleasant to work with when Software Engineering was coming into the picture. He firmly believed that software development is fun, but when you’re a software engineer, the story starts to be written in a different shade. You had to deal with people who did not care about code or code quality and only cared about increasing revenue numbers. You had to deal with Project Managers showing you constantly new features when you had just picked up a new task and did not get into requirements properly. It was like you just started cutting the vegetables for lunch, and someone is already talking about the dessert you’re supposed to serve in three weeks. The list goes on, and Valerio felt agitated as his mind drifted into the negative sides of being a software engineer. “That’s not how your break should look like” - he admonished himself and stood up from his desk. He approached the window and took a look at the street. It was a nice view as he was in the fancy part of the Integration layer. Most of the corporate buildings were centralized here. He returned to the Integration layer because the open-source community was not thriving in the Production layer. People, there were very keen to use open-source libraries, but that was it. His growth has stopped, so Valerio took proper measures. He did not care much about money, as a skilled software engineer's earnings always allowed him to live an extraordinary life and put some gold away. 
“Time to get back to work,” - he thought when he heard a quiet ping from his smartwatch. Gretha, the new girl, had pushed out a PR, and he was curious how she did. She seemed stressed out but had this peculiar habit of covering it with a big smile. Sitting right behind her, he could hear her sighs while coding. Valerio heard she has a QA background and was hired straight into software development. This made sense to him, but he hoped the company would get a quality engineer in their ranks. They needed one, but again, it was more important to be profitable than to have a quality dedicated person. He wondered what her interview looked like. She had to know something if she passed it, but it was evident that she’ll need to catch up to the rest of the company in a timely matter. She’ll need help, at least a helping hand, from time to time.  
He started to wonder if Gretha would like to be his protégé. Writing code for open source was one thing, but Valerio felt that he was ready to become a mentor to someone. He was unsure how this would work but could commit to answering all her upcoming questions. And be there for her when she’s struggling with understanding the code or even code review comments. He was fair to himself and knew that he once tried to establish such a relationship. It didn’t go well, though. His ex protégé got discouraged and chose a designer path instead of software engineering. He learned his lesson and discovered what mistakes he had made. He was not about to make them all over again. He could only create new ones if any. Now Valerio could see another chance arising to do things the right way. Gretha seemed nice, and he felt he could help her in a way he wished someone had helped him in the past. And something outstanding could come out of it if he succeeds.
