
This world existed in one place and different places at the same. Devity, because that is what it was called, was not magical, nor did it come from a fairy tale. It was messy and full of issues. Some were saying it’s impossible that it still runs, but against the odds, the people living in it were somewhat satisfied with their lives. 
Some people tried to fix it as there was always something to improve. Some tried to make the best use of it, and some just tried to survive. Gretha was in the second category. And several days ago she got promoted from the Local to the Integration layer. What could go wrong?
She knew this day might happen, but it did not bring her the expected joy. Yes, it was exciting, and she could feel the enormous smile on her face. Yes, she had those endorphin hits, shaking inside out of excitement. The issue was that seconds after that, she pressed her lips in a thin line, knowing that things just got serious. She got promoted to a higher layer. Therefore playing time was over. She could feel the burden of upcoming expectations and responsibilities. This was making her want to grab a drink.
“What am I going to do now?”- Gretha thought, biting her lip. She had no idea what the Integration layer looked like. Nobody from her family has ever been there. 

The Devity world contained four main layers - from top to bottom - Production, Staging, Integration, and Local.  They were constructed in a way citizens of the Production layer could freely navigate down to whatever layer they wished. It was not like that the other way around, though. Gretha was born in the Local layer, she never saw anything besides it, as it was the lowest possible layer. She quite liked her life but was tired of the nonsense around her. The Local layer was protected by law, by not as well documented and enforced as at higher levels. All kinds of bad people  were roaming the streets and doing whatever they wanted as their doings disappeared in the number of people living in the Local layer. It was the most populated layer. 
She was also tired because she saw that some extremists raised and gained power. They were enforcing laws hitting women directly, and she was sick of it. She decided to move and applied to several job positions in the Integration layer, trying her luck. Surprisingly, the luck was there.
“What the hell am I going to do now?!”- Gretha asked herself more bluntly this time, but she still could not find the answer. She was in a peculiar place because she got hired as a Junior Backend Engineer when she tried to build her career as a Quality Assurance Engineer. She had the expertise and worked on a lot of projects in the Local layer. She had some success in this field and was starting to feel comfortable in her safe bubble. Here she was, though, accepting a software engineer job. She snorted at herself as she was reminded of those heated assurances she made in the past. "I’ll never choose the developer path" - she claimed. “You’re such a hypocrite” - she shorthanded herself and looked around her room, trying to calm down. 

It was a nice place, and she could call it her own. She had to leave it in several days, and now was the time to close up her affairs in the Local layer before moving to the Integration layer. It was fair; she got two full weeks for that. It looked like the new company would treat her right, as two weeks was an overkill in her mind. She could do all her errands in one week, and she’ll probably do it. “You can worry the whole second week in peace,” - she thought. And there was truth to it, as she was unsure what was awaiting her on the upper layer. 
Fortunately, it was not that hard to navigate between layers if you go from a higher to a lower one, so she’ll be able to visit her mother and her friends easily. The steps are getting rough when one tries to travel from the Staging layer to the Local layer. It’s much more demanding and takes more than two days to travel. “You’ll never end up in the Staging layer, not to mention Production,”- she corrected herself quickly. 
The Production layer was for the rich and famous. If you were not born there, you had to be an excellent software engineer to end up in a Production layer company. Yes, she heard that not all developers there are splendid, but those were born there and shown into IT by their wealthy families. The whole Devity was software, and where can one earn more money than in the core?  
This was the thing for people like Gretha and many others - you had to rely on companies. You had to prove yourself to one of them to make a career. Of course, you get excellent job compensation. And it’s higher and higher the more advanced layer you reach. The fortunate thing was if you got promoted to another layer, you were safe not being denounced back after completing the period trial of 6 months. This was nice, although if you got fired on a higher level and it appeared it was your first job within a new layer, it was effortless to get a label that something was wrong with you. Therefore very few companies would risk hiring you again. You were forced to move back to a lower layer to improve your skills. It was like the ultimate test - if a company saw talent in you and decided to hire and keep you, it meant you were worth something and did not belong to the Local layer anymore. 
There was always something wrong about that in Gretha’s mind. It didn't feel right being so dependent on a company. Sometimes she would wonder how to fight it, but as the number of unanswered questions grew during her thought process, she became more discouraged each time. She was constantly dropping this thorn in her side with a hand wave and accepting things as they were. There was not much she could do. Especially solely. She tried not to harm others, and that’s more than some people were doing. 
“Sweet God of algorithms, guide me.” - she thought, rolling her eyes. Gretha sometimes had the inner feeling that she could not handle herself. She was a lot, and it was funny that the outer world had no idea of the many conversations she had with herself daily. She hoped it’ll stay like this in the Integration layer as well. Gretha had to survive at least a year to settle her position there. “My gosh, you’ll screw it up,” - she thought with a smirk on her face. The only thing to do now was to fight, and she was not giving up without a fight.
