Gretha has been working in the Great Code Base Division for a short time. Several days to be more precise. She recently started as a Junior Developer and tried to make sense of the codebase with blushed cheeks, a teaser of slight diarrhea, and a ringing in her head. This combination wasn’t easy to handle, but she seemed pretty normal from the outside, like nothing was wrong with her. The Validation Division wasn’t a spectacular place to be. It was an office, nothing more. Nothing went out of the ordinary, but she felt blessed to be in one room with all the minds responsible for the whole Devity world to work smoothly.
OK, some would argue that it’s working correctly. Some alarmists claimed that it was a miracle that everything did not yet fall apart. She was always personally utterly annoyed by those entities. She always thought people should leave worrying and lamenting for the future to the AI seers. 
Suddenly, a PWD-123 robot slid into the room and started to serve her colleagues tickets to complete. She was fascinated by it as till now she had only heard stories about them. Gretha has recently been promoted to work in the Integration layer, and the Local layer from where she came from did not have any robots helping around. It barely had any structure, so dreaming about robots was out of the picture.

Rumor had it that some of them were particularly rude. At this point, she was amazed that the tales involving the bots were not focused on how they were operating. A slim torso on a wheel allowed the bot to navigate freely in the office space. She took a more extended look at the wheel itself and thought with relief that if they turned on humans, it would be easy to stop them. There was no way the wheel could pass through sand or any major uneven surface. Because of this feature, did anyone in the office ever pranked them? She wanted to know quite severely, but other questions were more pressing. An example might be: “How not to get fired if you’re not sure what you’re doing here?”
She stared at the bot’s face as it could express emotions nicely. Its head was an LED screen showing two circles posing as eyes and a line below, which was supposed to be a mouth. It looked happy, doing its own thing and coming by some desks to hand over new assignments. Happiness… last time she felt it was when she got the news about the promotion. It was at least two weeks ago.
“Improve.Social.Security.Number.Validation” — said the robot when he slid near Gretha’s desk. 
“What the…?” — she gasped, wanting to pat away the robot like an annoying fly. She was not expecting a new assignment this soon. She was promised to have time to go through the whole codebase properly and wasn’t even halfway through doing that.
“Excuse.Me?” — asked the robot and his LED expression changed. This made Gretha uncomfortable as she forgot the robot has a human AI inside; therefore, it has feelings. Maybe not that many, but who knows…? She was new around here and did not familiarize herself with robot etiquette. 
“I was promised to have more time to look at the codebase.” — Greta mumbled, unsure if addressing this to the PWD-123 was reasonable. What could he do with that information?
“I’m.Sure.It.Wouldn’t.Help.You.As.Much.As.You.Think” — it appeared the robot could make a snarky comment with this information, and that’s precisely what it did. It slid off to another desk, leaving a ticket in her backlog. 
“What a rude can, it has to be a mistake!” — she thought nervously, lashing out in her head at the robot. It was not his fault that he brought the ticket; he wasn’t there to decide who would get one or not. He was only the hands, but it didn’t matter at the time. 
“Sometimes you must start writing something, even if it doesn’t make sense initially. You’ll have something to shape” — she heard a voice behind her. 

A bit thrown off that someone had listened to the conversation with the robot, she looked behind her. Gretha was sure no one was sitting there in the morning. She looked at her colleague, trying to guess his intentions with that meddling. Maybe she just got her first advice ever? In the Local Layer, there was very little space for being pleasant for anyone else. If you wanted a promotion, you had to work hard, and there was not much time to socialize. Hence, people there were self-absorbed. But now it’s behind her. She reached Integration Layer, so things were supposed to turn around for her. At least, she hoped so.
“I’ll do that, thank you” — she smiled at the guy and felt weird about it. It had been a while since she smiled back at someone. The travel from the Local to the Integration layer was long, and she was still tired. Also, she still did not know how things were working around here. The code was confusing her, and the new reality was intimidating. Running back to mommy seemed pretty reasonable at this point.
Sighing and trying to gather some inner chakra, she realized her ticket was not that bad. An ssn-validator library appeared to exist for checking social security numbers, which returned either true or false after validation. She needed this precisely, so she finished her task pretty soon. She copied-pasted a unit test base and adjusted it to cover the new Social Security Number validation.
All looked pretty well; the pipeline was green on her machine, so she committed and pushed out her changes. She started feeling good and not so scared anymore. Running back home stopped being so tempting. Did it mean she could drop the weird feeling of not belonging in the Integration Layer? Could it be that everything will be ok and no one will know about her Local Layer past? She decided to go for a lunch as she needed code review one of the senior developers. She was sure that everything would go smoothly and that her first task would be resolved quickly. What could go wrong? If anything, the library itself was to blame, not her. She only validated a string via a function imported from the ssn-validator.
She smiled to herself, feeling that she might even be able to impress someone with this task. She’s new, yet she slayed a ticket in several hours, not knowing the whole codebase! She deserved a big plate of pasta for that.
                                                                                                    
When she came back to the office from lunch, she was still feeling high. She sat on her office chair and opened her computer in an attempt to look at some cat pictures.
“Quick question, is the SSN library for use within the API? Not only for testing/development?” — Gretha blinked several times, staring at her team communicator. Stunned and feeling out of context are the best words to describe her at that moment. She reread the message and realized it was related to her PR, which she left for review before going to lunch. 
“Yes, I’m making a call with the lib in the POST method. Why?” — she responded, annoyed that she was being called out like that without any pleasantries.
“The deployment to integration failed.” — she read back and had a significant amount of seconds of denial. What is this guy talking about?!
“This can not be; I’ve tested it locally; everything is passing on my machine.” — she thought and wrote back the same thing.
“If the lib is installed to be used for the standard functionality of the service (like a feature), then it should go to dependencies. If the lib is intended to be used for development or just testing, then it should go to devDependencies. That’s why you’re pipeline is failing. You have put the library in the wrong dependencies.”
“Damn it, I see the issue now.” — Gretha responded and quickly opened back her code editor to verify her mistake. It was indeed there, staring back at her. In package.json, the ssn-validator library was comfortable in the devDependencies instead of the dependencies object. 
“Ha-ha, nice! Let’s fix that, then. Ping me when you push out, and I’ll approve the fix” — the guy didn’t have to write it as she was already on the job, but she understood it had to be written. 
She ran npm uninstall ssn-validator, so the package-lock.json gets rebuilt correctly. At least she knew editing the placement of the ssn-validator directly in package.json would not do the job thoroughly. After making sure the ssn-validator does not figure in the package.json file anymore, she ran again npm install ssn-validator but without including —- save-dev this time. She committed and pushed out her changes and notified her peer that the changes had been applied.
She got approval quickly, and when she saw that all was green, she pushed the merge button. She observed the CI/CD pipeline this time and did not wander off. “You have to be more responsible here and wait until the end of the process.” — she thought.
When things were smooth again, Gretha took a closer look at the avatar of her savior. It was the guy from behind her! “Valerio” stated the name above. Now she knew his name. Gretha looked back and caught his eyesight, when he looked up from his laptop. His face was covered with glasses, but he looked kind and calm. He did not uncover any signs of annoyance which gave her some feeling of relief.  She said a silent “Thank you.” and looked back at her monitor. She noted to herself that superheroes wear sweatshirts in this world. She felt grateful for such a thorough explanation, especially since she did not ask for it. She was happy that this conversation wasn’t made in the PR itself, so this situation would not be that visible to other peers working in the Validation Division. If they dig deep into the PR, they’ll see the commits, but she doubted someone would track her this closely.
“Now Valerio knows you know nothing.” — she thought to herself — “He’s probably wondering why you are even here.” She closed her eyes, trying to calm herself down. There’s no way she’s going back to the Local Layer; she will fight. She learned something today and will not make the same mistake again. “Who are you trying to trick here? You’re not going to make it; those shoes are too big for you.” — she heard in return from the inside. 
Gretha closed her laptop and wandered off home, feeling pretty ashamed of today’s situation. At least she now knew what devDependencies are for, though. Despite something disagreeing from the inside, she was sure not to make the same mistake again. “Things for production to dependencies and things only for me to devDependencies” — recapping in her head the lesson she tried to enjoy the view of the Integration Layer as she headed back home. 


